[BLOG] Add introducing-code-generator-v020 (#512)
Quansight/Quansight-website: apps/labs/posts/introducing-code-generator-v020.md

---
title: "Introducing PyTorch-Ignite's Code Generator v0.2.0"
published: July 16, 2021
author: victor-fomin

> description: 'PyTorch-Ignite is one such practical solution, a high-level library from the PyTorch ecosystem for training neural networks designed to simplify workflow development while maintaining maximum control, flexibility, and reproducibility. PyTorch-Ignite feels like a natural extension to PyTorch.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'PyTorch-Ignite is a practical solution, a high-level library from the PyTorch ecosystem for training neural networks. It is designed to simplify workflow development while maintaining maximum control, flexibility, and reproducibility. PyTorch-Ignite feels like a natural extension to PyTorch.'
```

category: [Machine Learning]
featuredImage:

>   src: /posts/introducing-code-generator-v020/blog_hero_var1

Reviewer: swap images 
```suggestion
  src: /posts/introducing-code-generator-v020/blog_feature_var2
```

>   src: /posts/introducing-code-generator-v020/blog_feature_var2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  src: /posts/introducing-code-generator-v020/blog_feature_var2.svg
```

  alt: 'An illustration of a brown and a dark brown hand coming towards each other to pass a business card with the logo of Quansight Labs.'
hero:

>   imageSrc: /posts/introducing-code-generator-v020/blog_feature_var2

Reviewer: swap images 
```suggestion
  imageSrc: /posts/introducing-code-generator-v020/blog_hero_var1
```

>   imageSrc: /posts/introducing-code-generator-v020/blog_hero_var1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  imageSrc: /posts/introducing-code-generator-v020/blog_hero_var1.svg
```
